Use AWS SDK to fetch AWS credentials (#1311)
fabric8io/docker-maven-plugin: src/main/asciidoc/inc/_authentication.adoc

* it will pick up ENV variables link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html[as documented for the AWS CLI]

* it will pick up temporary credentials of link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html[the IAM role of an EC2 instance]

* it will pick up temporary credentials of link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-iam-roles.html[the IAM role of a fargate task (OR ECS with EC2 with ECS_AWSVPC_BLOCK_IMDS as "true")]

If any of these authentication information is accessible, it will be used.

[NOTE]
====
For a more complete, robust and reliable authentication experience, you can add the AWS SDK for Java as a dependency.

[source,xml]
----
<plugins>
    <plugin>
        <groupId>io.fabric8</groupId>
        <artifactId>docker-maven-plugin</artifactId>
        <dependencies>
            <dependency>
                <groupId>com.amazonaws</groupId>
                <artifactId>aws-java-sdk-core</artifactId>
                <version>1.11.707</version>
            </dependency>
        </dependencies>
    </plugin>
</plugins>
----

> This allows you to make use of all link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html[the options the default credential provider chain provides].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extra dependency allows the usage of all link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html[options] that the AWS default credential provider chain provides.
```
